askartikhellohello hunny
bunnyasdfafabasdfasssaasdkartikasdfadfadfasdnewehellorewrwerewaldkfahello;
sdaslfalsdkflas;dfj;adsasbut
ehydfadfasdfjfasdnewfyou dont get measdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasasdfwhy
which were above the firmament: and it was so. 
And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day. 
And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so. 
And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good. 
And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so. 
And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that it was good. 
And the evening and the morning were the third day. 
And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years: 
the And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was so. 
And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also. 
And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth, 
And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good. 
And the evening and the morning were the fourth day. 
And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so. 
And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. 
Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. 
And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. 
And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made. 
These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens, 
And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground. 
But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground. 
And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul. 
And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed. 
And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. 
And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from thence it was parted, and became into four heads. 
The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; 
And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone. 
And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia. 
And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which goeth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates. 
And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it. 
And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat: 
But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die. 
And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him. 
And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and 

